I guess we have reached the final part of the ragas execution, which is the, uh, we have created
the Multi-shot sample data set for ragas, which is great.
We did the evaluation.
The last one is to run this code and see how the result is going to come up.
There we go.
That is insane.
We want to do that over here.
So let's go do that.
And I'm going to leave everything as it is because there is an evaluation data set.
There.
Is this all this context that we're going to verify.
We have got all the metrics.
And the model we're going to use is not uh, maybe GPT four is fine this time.
I'm just going to use it over here, and we are going to see how the executions are going to happen.
So it's just a lame copy paste that I have did over here.
But the good thing is we are running it on the GPT four model, so things may be way faster than running
it in my local machine.
Look at that.
It's already 42 percentage 58 percentage.
And we got 100 percentage over here.
Look at that.
You can see that the amount of the result that we are getting out from this particular context.
It's not quite great, like it's not as expected.
The reason why is because the questions that I have asked is also not quite to the mark, like there's
only five questions that I have asked.
And also they are not quite exactly the same with that particular context, because you see that I'm
asking the questions based on the the learnings that LM has did and stored into the vector data stores.
We're using, just like few paragraphs of the text on the bias.
So if you ask any questions on the potential bias for these kind of questions, the response that you're
going to get is far lesser, which is quite expected.
But the one thing which we can see is still it is a bit more relevant in terms of the factual correctness
and answer relevance.
As you can see here, they are they are pretty close to that particular value.
So now if I try to see the results in in pandas over here.
So you will notice the how the response is going to come through, we can see that this is the this
is the thing that we are actually failing over there.
I know this is a lot of data going on there guys.
And but but still you can see that the response is not that bad.
To be honest, I could see the relevance is is making me more promising this time.
Just accept one.
It is like zero completely.
So it is completely failed.
But the other things are not bad at all to be honest.
Uh, but faithfulness has abruptly failure failed in all of them except one of them.
So now let's go to the, uh, link chain over here for the ragas evaluation.
You'll notice that we have used 60 000 tokens this time.
Uh, and the time it took is like 43 seconds.
And this is using GPT four zero model.
And look at that.
How many time it has really called the prompt behind the scene for every single execution to make sure
that our executions are working as expected.
This is pretty cool.
So this is this is going way beyond our, uh, our thing.
So like, first time it has got failed and second time and third time, see how many times it has got
failed.
And the agent keep retrying, retrying, retrying with the the operation Uh, until the chat, uh,
OpenAI gave us a result, and we got an output over here.
Look at that.
Like this is the JSON value.
We can now fine tune this even further.
Like this is a statement.
There is a reason, uh, and it's not giving us the verdict correctly.
But if we try to fine tune our tool a bit and the way we write the prompt, these things can be even
more better as well.
But still, what we have achieved here is pretty close to how realistically you can test your rag as
well as your agent.
This is pretty cool guys.
So this is how we can see that we could able to test our rag as well as an agent in much easier fashion
using ragas.
So this ends the complete advanced section of how you can test your agents and ragas.
And we have been discussing about the testing of the ragas quite a bit, and I'm sure this is going
to give you an idea of how you can test your large language model, application for agents for rags,
and also how you can take this further in your job.
Congratulations and you guys have a great day.